okay we're recording good okay this is
ashley dirty dancing oh ok Ashley will
change eventually okay do that in aa in
ribcage is all in your ribcage it's like
five o'clock now it's like oh my strong
nevermind crap ok Ashley dirty Dan tight
booty dance go go watch it you know I
gotta talk to see how pop it like a job
it's me it's not okay you like that okay
okay I'll take this but this one yeah we
go now take it to the side pop it I'll
do the same thing on this side watch it
the Ewings like babies that but I didn't
like a squat no out like this what
you're good with this no but thought is
employed in this house it like pop it
okay pick it up pick your foot up okay
you're right you gotta focus like a
teacher okay pop it nothing hbu
boobylicious answer no one dares I keep
it poppin like it I can't do black top
it you are gonna pop it Shelby